#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
black==24.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cachecontrol==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastapi>=0.68.0
    # via -r requirements.in
firebase-admin>=5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.161.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic>=2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
pytest==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv>=0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
    #   uvicorn
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]>=0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
